
This is the data directory for the GNUMed dermatology tool.

This directory contains the INDEX file, plus various image and 
description files.

THE INDEX file

INDEX is a list of records, newline separated. Fields are
whitespace-separated, as follows:

1. the file basename. basename.jpg is the image file,
if it does not exist, DermTool displays an advertisement calling for an 
image to be submitted.
basename.<LANG>.txt must exist, see below for its description

2. the ICD-10 disease code

3. the population. Values are "P" (Paediatric), "A" (Adult), and "E" (Elderly)

4. the distribution: Truncal, Generalised, Face, Hands, "P" (Feet), fLexural,
Isolated lesion, "HF" (hands and feet), Sun-exposed

5. the colouring: None, Pigmented, Depigmented, Erthyema, Purpura.

6. the pattern: Confluent, Macular, "MP" Maculo-Papular, Papular, Bullous

7. the surface: Flat, Eroded, Crust, Scale, eXudate.

8. sensation: Itchy, Pain, Non-itchy

9. the time-course: Sudden, Evolving

THE IMAGE FILES

These should all be in JPEG format. Resolution or size doesn't matter
(dermtool will resize)
Images must either be
	- taken yourself, with documented patient consent. By putting
them in this archive, you license them under the GNU Free Documentation
Licence (see http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)
	- from a *known* source which clearly identifies them as either
GFDL, Creative Commons, or public domain.

If you have an image which you feel is superior to the one in this
archive (for example, you have picture of scabies showing burrows)
then feel free to submit it. 

THE TEXT FILES

They are all licensed GFDL.
They have the name <disease>.<language>.txt, example: cystic_acne.en.txt

The first line is the name of the disease.
Subsequent lines describe where the image came from and its licence.
(Put the string "NO IMAGE" if no image yet)
Then a blank line, then 10-20 lines describing the clinical presentation,
and treatment, focussing on the first-line therapy.

Remember this is not a dermatology textbook: it's a quick reference 
for on-the-spot clinical diagnosis. 

We want the common conditions seen in day-to-day general practice
or internal medicine, *not* fascinomas. We also want the
"rare but can't miss" stuff like meningococcaemia.