this is the version which uses an existing postcode city state database such as australia postal db;
the city state and postcode fields now have autofill, so that a unique combo of city name (can be partial)
and state will produce autofill of postcode. If a unique city name is chosen, auto fill of state and postcode
occurs, as well as completion  of the city name. From Postcode autofill, should be relatively easy, and is 
left as an exercise.

Differences from the current gnumed as of 28-4-02 - identities_addresses is joined in v_basic_address.
No additional sql statements are added for person and address update, as gmCachedPerson and gmCachedAddress have the 
statements ( create_person, update_person; create_address, update_address methods).
No find_or_create for state or urb, as the autofill relies on a complete urb table being present, as derived
from the australian postal database.

INSTALLATION

to install a blank database, in linux:

go to the sql directory
edit setup_with_au_gis first line, where it says
DB=gnumed8 ;  
	change gnumed8 to the name of the test database to be used

and type 
source setup_with_au_gis



alternatively , install a dump:

1. creata a database e.g. gnumed9

createdb gnumed9

then install the dump

psql -f gnumed8.sql gnumed9    

this runs the dump script gnumed8.sql on database gnumed9


once this is done, 
can go to the wxpython directory

and run

	python gmGuiMain.py

the login screen will need the name of the database just installed
and any username password if configured already.
(hopefully , none, as it is a lot easier to type)

when confronted with the person search screen, go to the inner notebook second (Details) page
to make a person entry ; 
the suburbs should autofill. Make sure the address type is HOME if not already there.

Save and New buttons should both work in the details page.


When Searching, need to type search phrase then hit search. (Type and search has been done in a different branch . see test_area/clin_summary.)

Double clicking in the search box will select the person, but not switch the ui to the Person details page; manually switching to the details page, shows the selected person ready for editing.








